1. What is a computer system?


2. What are some of the parts of a computer system?
   Some of the parts that make up a computer system are, the CPU, RAM, motherboard, GPU, SSD

3. What is the difference between a compiled language and an interpreted language?
   A compiled language is converted directly into machine code that can be executed by the processor. Whereas an interpreted language is read line-by-line by another program who calls specific internal functions to execute the code.
     -Source: https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/compiled-versus-interpreted-languages/

4. Is C a compiled language?
   C is a compiled language, although it is slightly different from other compiled languages because in C doesn't enable a virtual OS, meaning the program is compiled to binary then executed by the users computer. 

5. Who invented the C language?
   C was developed by Dennis M. Richie at Bell Labs.
      -Source: https://www.britannica.com/technology/C-computer-programming-language

6. How long has C been in use?
   C has been in use for between 56-52 years, as it was developed by Dennis M. Richie between 1969- 1973
      -Source: https://www.britannica.com/technology/C-computer-programming-language


7. Is a compiler a translator?
   The compiler is a translator, this is because when someone writes in a high-level language a compiler must take this code and translate it into assembly language.

8. Is an assembler a translator?
   An assember is a translator because after a program is translated into assembly language by a compiler it is taken by an assembler and translated into machine language which can be understood by the machine.

9. What is the command to list out the contents of a directory on a mac terminal window?
   The command to list out the contents of a directory on a mac is "ls", on windows the command is dir.

10. What does the C function atof() do?
   The function atof() is used to convert a string into a floating-point number and represent the converted floating point number to its corresponding double value
     -Source: https://www.tutorialspoint.com/c_standard_library/c_function_atof.htm

11. What are the bottom two layers of a computer system? Give a brief desciption of each.


12. What are the three steps of the Von Neumann Architecture?


13. What is the purpose of an ALU?


14. What is a register?


15. What is one difference between Application software and System software?


16. Is the phrase cmp rdi, rsi machine language?


17. How many buses are included in the system bus?


18. What is the decimal value of 100101112?


19. What is the decimal value of 111111112?


20. What is the largest unsigned integer value that will fit into 16 bits?
